                          Length Class      Mode     
studlab                     9    -none-     character
treat1                      9    -none-     character
treat2                      9    -none-     character
TE                          9    -none-     numeric  
seTE                        9    -none-     numeric  
seTE.adj                    9    -none-     numeric  
seTE.adj.common             9    -none-     numeric  
seTE.adj.random             9    -none-     numeric  
design                      9    -none-     character
event1                      0    -none-     NULL     
event2                      0    -none-     NULL     
n1                          0    -none-     NULL     
n2                          0    -none-     NULL     
incr                        0    -none-     NULL     
mean1                       0    -none-     NULL     
mean2                       0    -none-     NULL     
sd1                         0    -none-     NULL     
sd2                         0    -none-     NULL     
time1                       0    -none-     NULL     
time2                       0    -none-     NULL     
k                           1    -none-     numeric  
m                           1    -none-     numeric  
n                           1    -none-     numeric  
d                           1    -none-     numeric  
trts                        6    -none-     character
k.trts                      6    -none-     numeric  
n.trts                      0    -none-     NULL     
events.trts                 0    -none-     NULL     
n.arms                      9    -none-     numeric  
multiarm                    9    -none-     logical  
studies                     7    -none-     character
narms                       7    -none-     numeric  
designs                     5    -none-     character
comparisons                 6    -none-     character
TE.nma.common               9    -none-     numeric  
seTE.nma.common             9    -none-     numeric  
lower.nma.common            9    -none-     numeric  
upper.nma.common            9    -none-     numeric  
statistic.nma.common        9    -none-     numeric  
pval.nma.common             9    -none-     numeric  
leverage.common             9    -none-     numeric  
w.common                    9    -none-     numeric  
Q.common                    9    -none-     numeric  
TE.common                  36    -none-     numeric  
seTE.common                36    -none-     numeric  
lower.common               36    -none-     numeric  
upper.common               36    -none-     numeric  
statistic.common           36    -none-     numeric  
pval.common                36    -none-     numeric  
TE.nma.random               9    -none-     numeric  
seTE.nma.random             9    -none-     numeric  
lower.nma.random            9    -none-     numeric  
upper.nma.random            9    -none-     numeric  
statistic.nma.random        9    -none-     numeric  
pval.nma.random             9    -none-     numeric  
w.random                    9    -none-     numeric  
TE.random                  36    -none-     numeric  
seTE.random                36    -none-     numeric  
lower.random               36    -none-     numeric  
upper.random               36    -none-     numeric  
statistic.random           36    -none-     numeric  
pval.random                36    -none-     numeric  
seTE.predict               36    -none-     numeric  
lower.predict              36    -none-     numeric  
upper.predict              36    -none-     numeric  
method.predict              1    -none-     character
prop.direct.common         15    -none-     numeric  
prop.direct.random         15    -none-     numeric  
TE.direct.common           36    -none-     numeric  
seTE.direct.common         36    -none-     numeric  
lower.direct.common        36    -none-     numeric  
upper.direct.common        36    -none-     numeric  
statistic.direct.common    36    -none-     numeric  
pval.direct.common         36    -none-     numeric  
TE.direct.random           36    -none-     numeric  
seTE.direct.random         36    -none-     numeric  
lower.direct.random        36    -none-     numeric  
upper.direct.random        36    -none-     numeric  
statistic.direct.random    36    -none-     numeric  
pval.direct.random         36    -none-     numeric  
Q.direct                   36    -none-     numeric  
tau.direct                 36    -none-     numeric  
tau2.direct                36    -none-     numeric  
I2.direct                  36    -none-     numeric  
TE.indirect.common         36    -none-     numeric  
seTE.indirect.common       36    -none-     numeric  
lower.indirect.common      36    -none-     numeric  
upper.indirect.common      36    -none-     numeric  
statistic.indirect.common  36    -none-     numeric  
pval.indirect.common       36    -none-     numeric  
TE.indirect.random         36    -none-     numeric  
seTE.indirect.random       36    -none-     numeric  
lower.indirect.random      36    -none-     numeric  
upper.indirect.random      36    -none-     numeric  
statistic.indirect.random  36    -none-     numeric  
pval.indirect.random       36    -none-     numeric  
Q                           1    -none-     numeric  
df.Q                        1    -none-     numeric  
pval.Q                      1    -none-     numeric  
I2                          1    -none-     numeric  
lower.I2                    1    -none-     numeric  
upper.I2                    1    -none-     numeric  
tau                         1    -none-     numeric  
tau2                        1    -none-     numeric  
Q.heterogeneity             1    -none-     numeric  
df.Q.heterogeneity          1    -none-     numeric  
pval.Q.heterogeneity        1    -none-     numeric  
Q.inconsistency             1    -none-     numeric  
df.Q.inconsistency          1    -none-     numeric  
pval.Q.inconsistency        1    -none-     numeric  
Q.decomp                    5    data.frame list     
W.matrix.common            81    -none-     numeric  
W.matrix.random            81    -none-     numeric  
Cov.matrix.common          81    -none-     numeric  
Cov.matrix.random          81    -none-     numeric  
A.matrix                   36    -none-     numeric  
X.matrix                   54    -none-     numeric  
B.matrix                   54    -none-     numeric  
L.matrix.common            36    -none-     numeric  
Lplus.matrix.common        36    -none-     numeric  
L.matrix.random            36    -none-     numeric  
Lplus.matrix.random        36    -none-     numeric  
Q.matrix                   36    -none-     numeric  
G.matrix                   81    -none-     numeric  
H.matrix.common            81    -none-     numeric  
H.matrix.random            81    -none-     numeric  
n.matrix                    0    -none-     NULL     
events.matrix               0    -none-     NULL     
P.common                   36    -none-     numeric  
P.random                   36    -none-     numeric  
Cov.common                225    -none-     numeric  
Cov.random                225    -none-     numeric  
treat1.pos                  9    -none-     numeric  
treat2.pos                  9    -none-     numeric  
sm                          1    -none-     character
method                      1    -none-     character
level                       1    -none-     numeric  
level.ma                    1    -none-     numeric  
common                      1    -none-     logical  
random                      1    -none-     logical  
prediction                  1    -none-     logical  
level.predict               1    -none-     numeric  
reference.group             1    -none-     character
baseline.reference          1    -none-     logical  
all.treatments              1    -none-     logical  
seq                         6    -none-     character
method.tau                  1    -none-     character
tau.preset                  0    -none-     NULL     
tol.multiarm                1    -none-     numeric  
tol.multiarm.se             0    -none-     NULL     
details.chkmultiarm         1    -none-     logical  
func.inverse                1    -none-     character
sep.trts                    1    -none-     character
nchar.trts                  1    -none-     numeric  
nchar.studlab               1    -none-     numeric  
overall.hetstat             1    -none-     logical  
backtransf                  1    -none-     logical  
title                       1    -none-     character
warn                        1    -none-     logical  
call                       11    -none-     call     
version                     1    -none-     character
small.values                1    -none-     character
data                       31    pairwise   list     
fixed                       1    -none-     logical  
comb.fixed                  1    -none-     logical  
comb.random                 1    -none-     logical  
seTE.adj.fixed              9    -none-     numeric  
TE.nma.fixed                9    -none-     numeric  
seTE.nma.fixed              9    -none-     numeric  
lower.nma.fixed             9    -none-     numeric  
upper.nma.fixed             9    -none-     numeric  
statistic.nma.fixed         9    -none-     numeric  
pval.nma.fixed              9    -none-     numeric  
leverage.fixed              9    -none-     numeric  
w.fixed                     9    -none-     numeric  
Q.fixed                     9    -none-     numeric  
TE.fixed                   36    -none-     numeric  
seTE.fixed                 36    -none-     numeric  
lower.fixed                36    -none-     numeric  
upper.fixed                36    -none-     numeric  
statistic.fixed            36    -none-     numeric  
pval.fixed                 36    -none-     numeric  
prop.direct.fixed          15    -none-     numeric  
TE.direct.fixed            36    -none-     numeric  
seTE.direct.fixed          36    -none-     numeric  
lower.direct.fixed         36    -none-     numeric  
upper.direct.fixed         36    -none-     numeric  
statistic.direct.fixed     36    -none-     numeric  
pval.direct.fixed          36    -none-     numeric  
TE.indirect.fixed          36    -none-     numeric  
seTE.indirect.fixed        36    -none-     numeric  
lower.indirect.fixed       36    -none-     numeric  
upper.indirect.fixed       36    -none-     numeric  
statistic.indirect.fixed   36    -none-     numeric  
pval.indirect.fixed        36    -none-     numeric  
L.matrix.fixed             36    -none-     numeric  
Lplus.matrix.fixed         36    -none-     numeric  
H.matrix.fixed             81    -none-     numeric  
P.fixed                    36    -none-     numeric  
Cov.fixed                 225    -none-     numeric  
